[OSDOCS#17131]: Release Notes CQA for 4.20 (#117190)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rn-ocp-release-notes-about-this-release.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * release_notes/ocp-4-20-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="rn-ocp-release-notes-about-this-release_{context}"]
= About this release

> [role="_abstract"]
> // TODO: Update with the relevant information closer to release.
> {product-title} (link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2025:9562[RHSA-2025:9562]) is now available. This release uses link:https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.33.md[Kubernetes 1.33] with CRI-O runtime. New features, changes, and known issues that pertain to {product-title} {product-version} are included in this topic.

Reviewer: I moved the _New features..._ sentence to the assembly level. WDYT?
```suggestion
// TODO: Update with the relevant information closer to release.
[role="_abstract"]
You can now use {product-title}{product-version}, which uses Kubernetes 1.35 with the CRI-O runtime, to take advantage of the new features introduced in this release.
```
No idea what to do with this one... 
The short description tool suggests the following, which is good, but doesn't meet the requirements. Sigh.

```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
// TODO: Update with the relevant information closer to release.
[role="_abstract"]
OpenShift Container Platform 4.22 uses Kubernetes 1.35 with CRI-O to provide new features and lifecycle support. You can deploy clusters to on-premises or cloud environments using required RHCOS machines.
```

Author: {product-title} {product-version} release uses link:https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.33.md[Kubernetes 1.33] with CRI-O runtime. New features, changes, and known issues that pertain to {product-title} {product-version} are included in this topic.
